"DevOps Platform Engineer", "company": "Epic", "description": "Please note that this position is based on our campus
in Madison, WI, and requires relocation to the area.  We recruit nationally and provide financial relocation assistance.
We are seeking an exceptional early-career IT professional to join our multi-tenant Hosting team as a DevOps Engineer.
As a DevOps Engineer on our Development Platform Team, you'll help shape the future of Epic's SaaS platform by
designing, deploying, testing, automating, and evaluating our Development Platform Infrastructure.  You will create and
collaborate on automation to analyze, maintain, and evolve our complex infrastructure while working across multiple
teams on training and adoption of processes and tools. Apply your technical prowess and problem-solving skills to
develop and maintain a robust, reliable, high-performance foundation for some of the largest healthcare organizations
in the country to access our world-class software.  Explore all open Hosting positions here. Live affordably in a city
known for its rising tech talent. Epic is located just outside Madison, Wisconsin, the second fastest growing market
for tech talent in the United States and home to the state capital and the University of Wisconsin.  Madison, a city
surrounded by water, has received accolades for being the greenest city in America (NerdWallet), the best city for
renters (SmartAsset), the fittest city in America (Fitbit), and the third best metro in the US for young professionals
(Forbes Advisor). More than just important work. Our uniquely themed campus was designed to heighten your ability to
get stuff done in your office, a conference room, or by the fireplace in a comfy chair.  All meals are
restaurant-quality but cost only a few dollars, and they\u2019re prepared by a team comprised of kitchen talent from
restaurants around the country.  And, after five years here, you\u2019ll earn a four-week sabbatical anywhere in the
world.  Staff have kayaked in Patagonia, attended a Beyonc\u00e9 concert in Ireland, built a library in Tanzania,
and run a marathon in Antarctica. We offer comprehensive benefits to keep you healthy and happy as you grow in your
life and career, and your merit-based compensation will reflect the impact your work has on the company and our
customers.  You'll also be eligible for annual raises and bonuses, as well as stock grants, which give you an even
greater stake in the success of Epic and our customers.  Healthcare is global, and building the best ideas from around
the world into Epic software is a point of pride.  As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we know that inclusive teams
design software that supports the delivery of quality care for all patients, so diversity, equity, and inclusion are
written into our principles.  Please see our full non-discrimination statement at https://careers. epic. com/EEO.
2022 Bachelor's Degree in CIS, IS, IT, or a related field2022 Relocation to Madison, WI (reimbursed)2022 Eligibility
to work in the U. S.  without visa sponsorship2022 COVID-19 vaccination2022 Preferred experience/interest in one of
the following areas:2022 Kubernetes Administration2022 CI/CD frameworks such as GitLab CI2022 Infrastructure as Code
frameworks such as Puppet, Terraform, or Ansible2022 Experience with scripting and programming languages such as Go,
Ruby, PythonAs a member of the Hosting team at Epic, you'll be responsible for the confidentiality, integrity, and
availability of Epic Hosting.  Those responsibilities include::2022 Following policies and procedures and escalating
when policies or procedures are not followed2022 Escalating potential security incidents and providing relevant
information2022 Meeting all security responsibilities defined in policies and procedures"

 